---
title: "ContentBox"
subtitle: "A Decentalized Ecosystem for the Digital Content Industry of Tomorrow"
author: [CastBox.fm]
date: 2017-02-20
titlepage: true
titlepage-color: 1565c0
titlepage-text-color: ffffff
titlepage-rule-color: ffffff
titlepage-rule-height: 1
...

\tableofcontents

\newpage

# Introduction

## Problem Statement

In diversity we believe.

During the past years, we all witnessed the exploding growth of the digital content industry led by a vareity of web content platforms and mobile apps, such as Reddit, Youtube and Spotify. As the developer of CastBox, we are glad to see the great achievements made by all players in this area, however, we cannot deny the fact that the __properity__ and __diversity__ of the whole industry are still suffering from several long existing problems:

+ **Poor protection for original contents and real creators.** IP piracy continues to be a headache for the digital content industry. In some markets, consumers have developed an expectation that digital content should be free or priced low, putting downward pressure on pricing of subscriptions. Audio or video content, either curated by professionals or generated by normal users, is available in an array of easily accessible forms, including through online downloads, purchase on USB devices, and conversion into files from YouTube videos. Just take a look at those who move video clips from Youtube to local video platforms and garner a number of fans in this way, anyone will realize how severe this problem is. The future of the econtent industry is doomed if we cannot stop this kind of pivacy behavior.

+ **Central censorship.** Someone may argue that the central censorship is necessary to filter spam and build a healthy online community and totally legal in many countries. However, in today's world where we are all connected by the Internet, censorship will become more and more counterproductive, not only because it kills diversity by preventing us from discussing the censored topic, but also because it cannot eliminate real spams effectively with the rapid growing amount of user-gernerated contents. 

+ **The decisive role of distributors.**

## A Blockchain-based Ecosystem

We believe the future of the digital content industry is a blockchain-based ecosystem. 

## A New Cryptocurrency

## The Foundation

# About CastBox

# The Power of BOX 

## Replacing Advertising with Token-based Reward System

## Motivating Channels to Distribute Content Actively

## Fighting Against Spams

## Suppressing Vicious Competition

# Technology

## Why A New Platform?
The current mainstream blockchain networks, such as Bitcoin and Ethereum, are not a natural fit for the digital content industry due to the following reasons: 

+ **Long transaction delays & low throughput.** The digital content industry is quite different from finance or e-commerce world in terms of action frequency. Typically we might transfer our money or buy/sell goods several times a day, but on a digital content platform, a teenager might do way more actions, like streaming a song or watching a movie clip or tipping a article writer. In other words, we are expecting way larger transaction volume in the online digital content world. This trait of the digital content industry determines that current Bitcoin or Ethereum platform cannot meet the needs from real world, which leaves us no choice but to find novel solutions and build a new blockchain platform. 

+ **No privacy in smart contracts.** In Ethereum all smart contracts are stored publicly on the nodes of the blockchain, which introduces severe privacy problems. Due to the visibility of the contracts, a normal streamer's taste or preferences may be detected and published to a lot of people he may not know. Likewise, a content producer might also worry that his or her profit sharing plan be searched by outsiders and leaked to the public. Furthermore, the increasing complexity of smart contracts can bring security risks. We all know what happened to DAO.

+ **High transaction fees.** High transaction cost means there is no real micro-payment; and without micro-payments, fans cannot support content creators with small donations, neither can they pay for watching just an episode of a series show nor access to limited content like a VIP club. The digital content industry needs a frictionless micro-payment system to cultivate an active and healthy community. 

In conclusion, current mainstream chains cannot serve as the foundation of a decentralized content ecosystem. Therefore, we propose a novel public chain that can well address the above mentioned challenges, which is _BOX Chain_.

## BOX Chain

## One Passport

## Off-chain "Smart Contract"

# Use Case Examples

# Token Distribution

# Roadmap

# Team




